
Approach 1:
Pseudocode:
1. **Sorting the Input:**
    
    - Initially, the `nums` vector is sorted in ascending order. This sorting helps in identifying duplicates and ensures that identical elements appear consecutively.
2. **Recursive Backtracking (f function):**
    
    - The `f` function generates subsets using a recursive backtracking approach.
    - It maintains an index (`index`) that tracks the position of the current element being considered for inclusion in the subset.
    - It starts by adding the current subset `t` into the `ans` vector of subsets.
3. **Iteration through Elements:**
    
    - The function iterates through the elements of `nums` starting from the `index` position.
    - It checks for duplicates by ensuring that if `i` is not equal to `index` (not considering the same index) and the current element is the same as the previous one, it skips duplicates using `continue`.
4. **Building Subsets:**
    
    - For each valid element, it adds that element to the subset `t`, calls the `f` function recursively with the next index `i + 1`, and explores further elements to create subsets that include the current element.
    - After the recursive call, it removes the last added element from the `t` subset (`t.pop_back()`) to backtrack and explore other possibilities.
5. **Subset Generation:**
    
    - As the recursion unwinds, it generates different combinations of subsets by adding and removing elements, eventually leading to the generation of all unique subsets without duplicates.
6. **Return:**
    
    - Finally, all subsets (including duplicates) are collected in the `ans` vector and returned as the result.

- Time complexity:  
    O(2n∗n)
    
- Space complexity:  
    O(2n∗k)

```python
class Solution:
    def subsetsWithDup(self, nums: List[int]) -> List[List[int]]:
        def backtrack(start: int, subset: List[int]):
            result.append(subset[:])
            
            for i in range (start,len(nums)):
                if i > start and nums[i] == nums[i-1]:
                    continue
                subset.append(nums[i])
                backtrack(i+1,subset)
                subset.pop()
        
        nums.sort()
        result = []
        backtrack(0,[])
        return result

        

```

